Configuration tweaks (#1184)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/basics/101-123-config2.rst

If you have read the :ref:`Find-out-more on object trees <objecttree>`
you will recognize it as a reference to the type of
key used by git-annex to identify and store file content in the object-tree.

> The first row, ``* annex.backend=MD5E``, therefore translates to "Everything should be checksummed with the MD5 hash function".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first row, ``* annex.backend=MD5E``, therefore translates to "The ``MD5E`` git-annex backend should be used for any file".
```
